Who are you?
Dare to scold this hall master
I don't even recognize this lady
I am Fan Ruoli
Hmph hahahahaha
Lord Fan never takes the world seriously
It seems that you are well prepared.
Hire an actor
How to Act
And a cripple?
Eighty percent of them are street beggars, right?
Dare to commit the following
Stinky girl, how dare you hit me
Look at your angry face
It must be a lack of men
I will satisfy you today.
Open your eyes and see who I am
The villain Fan Debiao pays tribute to Lord Fan
Lord Fan, please forgive me.
Lord Fan, this Aegis is pretending to be the Dragon King
Also insult your reputation
The villain is about to kill him for a year
I've long heard that you Qinglongtang are beating me outside
Home name
misbehaving
Now I dare to respect Xiao Tianshi again
Somebody take him down to me
Destroy his Qinglong Hall within a quarter of an hour
Lord Fan, please forgive me, Lord Fan
Lord Fan
Fan Ruoli pays homage to Xiao Tianshi
Get up.
You all listen to me
Xiao Tianshi is the Dragon King
and
Xiao Tianshi has taken off my veil
From today onwards
I, Fan Ruoli, am Xiao Tianshi's woman
If you dare to disrespect Xiao Tianshi later
That is to make an enemy of me, Fan Ruoli